Strengthen messaging around lack of support for Playground (#6925)
apollographql/apollo-server: docs/source/migration.mdx

In Apollo Server 4, these built-in plugins are part of the main `@apollo/server` package, which also imports the `ApolloServer` class. The  `@apollo/server` package exports these built-in plugins with deep exports. This means you use deep imports for each built-in plugin, enabling you to evaluate only the plugin you use in your app and making it easier for bundlers to eliminate unused code.

> There's one exception: the plugin `ApolloServerPluginLandingPageGraphQLPlayground` has been moved to its own package `@apollo/server-plugin-landing-page-graphql-playground` which must be installed separately. (This plugin installs the [unmaintained](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-playground/issues/1143) project GraphQL Playground as a landing page, and is provided for compatibility with Apollo Server 2 only. This package will not be supported after Apollo Server 4 is released. We strongly encourage you to switch to the [default landing page](./api/plugin/landing-pages), which installs the similar but the actively maintained Apollo Sandbox instead.)

Reviewer: Tweaks for style:
```suggestion
There's one exception: the `ApolloServerPluginLandingPageGraphQLPlayground` plugin is now in its own package `@apollo/server-plugin-landing-page-graphql-playground`, which you can install separately. 

This plugin installs the [unmaintained](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-playground/issues/1143) GraphQL Playground project as a landing page and is provided for compatibility with Apollo Server 2. This package will **not** be supported after Apollo Server 4 is released. We strongly recommend you switch to Apollo Server's 4's [default landing page](./api/plugin/landing-pages), which installs the actively maintained Apollo Sandbox.
```
